
                         server:// — serverStorage 
                         
         (gfx=game name) gfx drive — server://gfx/
         
             world map directories — server://gfx/w/
             
                   player manifest — server://gfx/p.txt
                   
                                     text flat file one entry per line populated with
                                     qandy-style two-character ID codes with no seperators
             
How player manifest should work: every 'player' in the game is an 'item' and is assigned a two character item code, the file gfx-itemid.js has the 'master list' of all items ID codes, each code has a corasponding image a qandy-host.htm subdirectory 'i' (for items). Players fill the rows Sa-Sz and Ta-Tz which gives each team 26 players. 

The first thing that needs to happen is capflag.js needs to ping the server for the 'lobby' map. That map will be a small map consisting of two or four (haven't figured out which yet) map screens that will have all player 'items' on them.  This means I'll need to update images from Sa-Tz to be a 'grey player' that has the shape of a player but no colors to indicate it is an 'inactive player'. 

So the client itself is not considered a 'player' yet, the user will need to click on one of the 'player' items on the ground and select 'Join Game' at which point they will become that item and it will be changed from a simple one-image item into the player's rendered avatar string. The list of player's avatar strings is saved in the player manifest file at server://gfx/p.txt and is in this format: [PlayerID][head[body][hat][sword][shield]-[name] ... each of these fields (except name) is a two-character ItemID code that can all be rendered on top of each other via the 'paper doll' character engine. The /p.txt file is the full manifest for server use, each map directory will have it's own p.txt player manifest with the player's on that screen ... this way the client is only downloading the players they can 'see' (the ones on the same map screen). 

The 'name' field is not to be considered 'unique', it is not an ID. All names should be pre-populated as 'Team S Player x' or 'Team T Player x' with x being their number 1-26 (a-z). We'll add a command where players can change their name in the future, let's get this working before we add bells and whistles. 



                      Quintrix and Crew Software
                      Multiplayer Graphics Engine
                      Stand Alone DevTeam Tools:

    gfx-bigbang.ntm — lets user 'paint' each map sector with a default tilebase
                      then generates 'noise' so each map is unique. Copies output
                      to clipboard which can then be imported into.....

     gfx-editor.htm — Displays entire world and lets user edit each tile. Right-click
                      a tile and it becomes the 'brush', left-click a tile paints that
                      tile to the brush. You can hold the mouse down to draw lines and
                      file areas. Input capital letter to change the first character
                      of the tile, input lower case letter to change the second character
                      of the tile. Again, copies output to clipboard which can be imported...
                      
     gfx-viewer.htm — Renders entire world on a 'canvas image' at either full size
                      32x32 tiles, or mini-size 4x4 tiles. This image can compatiable
                      with 'Save As'. 
                      
    gfx-tileset.htm — Displays entire tileset including tiles, characters, and items.
     




