

             The Qandy Pocket Computer

               Experiemental Release:
          
  Some of these routines have been generated
  with the assistance of Artifical Intelligence
       and have not been fully tested
  
            Use at your own risk!



The qandy.htm file displays a "power on" display and
awaits for some type of input (key, button, touch). 
The BIOS first loads the sound.js which emits a beep
to indicate power on sequence has begun. 

It loads a series of "hardware" scripts, execution is
halted until these scripts have initialized all the 
hardware drivers:

video.js is the video driver that handles the text screen
operations. It translates a "retro screen" into a 
"JavaScript" DOM. The programmer does not need to access
the DOM to use the text screen, but instead should use
the built-in library of PEEK and POKE functions. It
features an ANSI engine for changing colors and drawing
graphics. 

gfx.js is the graphics card, like "DirectX" was to Windows
this is a 2d-X engine that has functions to display the
Queville tileset, characters, and items and features
the classic Queville "popup".

keyboard.js is the keyboard controller, it displays the
virtual keyboard and intercepts keystrokes from any
physical keyboard attached and handles user input and the
cursor controls. Future plans are to build a "mouse.js"
to work in conjunction with the keyboard. 

dos.js will be the disk operating system that interfaces
with external devices starting with LOCAL for
localStorage in the user's web browser. When a server
is written, it will be able to interact with the server
via the "COOKIE" device, which I might even call "MODEM".  



Once the drivers are loaded, a Qandy Pocket Computer
version number is displayed and the cursor starts to
blink awaiting user input. Here, you can input
JavaScript commands that will be executed, ie:

  alert("hello world");

If the user inputs the name of an external .js file,
the Qandy will load and execute that file, ie:

  piano.js
  

